Feature sender msisdn (#74)
electrumpayments/airtime-service-interface: src/docs/devguide/hugo/site/content/release-notes.md

This page describes changes to the Airtime Service Interface implemented across different releases of the interface.

## v5.25.0-RC4

> Release 4 March 2022

Reviewer: Date and version reminder

Author: Is this a reminder to update the date/version once finalized?

> - Added sender MSISDN. The senderMsisdn is the MSISDN of the sponsor, who buys airtime for a receiver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added an optional `senderMSISDN` path parameter to the lookupMSISDN call. The senderMsisdn is the MSISDN of the sponsor, who buys airtime for a receiver.
```
